---
slug: perficient
employer: Perficient
title:
  started: Technical Consultant
date:
  started: '2019-02-18'
address:
  street: '38701 Seven Mile Rd.'
  suite: 'Suite 400'
  city: Livonia
  region: MI
  postal: '48152'
  country: USA
contact:
  phone: '734-293-4840'
---
The responsibilities of the Technical Consultant was to help serve the needs with Perficient clients and internally. As a Technical Consultant, most of the work that was done was Front-End Development with AEM using HTML, CSS (with LESS), JavaScript, and Java with some Back-End Development.

These were the tasks when working with clients:
  - Constructed front-end components with authorable options for AEM authors to make adjustments to suit their needs without restrictions.
  - Wrote AEM Sling Servlets to serve requests and responses. Some of the servlets retrieved DAM assets to be output back to the front-end for components.
  - Developed an Admin Console, contained in an iframe element, that used the React library, that interacted with third-party REST-APIs with PCF apps.

These were the tasks when working with Perficient:
  - Developed a React application that interacted with MongoDB (without Mongoose) that retrieved testing results to display for clients.
  - Help developed a microservice project with Spring Boot for the backend, Swagger (OpenAPI) for REST API documentation, and Angular for the front-end. Generated by JHipster.
  - Developed another micro-frontend, to go with the JHipster microservice application, that managed spaces available for the Detroit office with the use of React, Redux, Router, and using TypeScript. 

In October 2020, the technical consultant earned the Mulesoft Certified Developer certificate.
